RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-using-remote-task-annotations-with-pipelines-as-code.adoc

+
[NOTE]
====

> * If you use GitHub and the remote task URL uses the same host as the `Repository` custom resource definition (CRD), {pac} uses the GitHub token and fetches the URL using the GitHub API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use GitHub and the remote task URL uses the same host as the `Repository` custom resource  (CR), {pac} uses the GitHub token and fetches the URL using the GitHub API.
```
